== General summary
* Meeting presentation was promoted to github:
https://github.com/riscv/riscv-overlay/tree/master/meetings

=== Github status
* Issue #13 - We provide answers for the issue, we will close the issue if
no reply by the end of June.

=== New ABI
On the last https://github.com/riscv-admin-docs/psabi/blob/master/MINUTES/meeting-20210614.adoc[*psABI meeting*^,role=green]
The idea of a generic approach for reserving registers was preferred over
explicitly defining new overlay ABIs.

Adding the registers to `-mabi` e.g. `-mabi=ilp32_x31_x30_x29_x28 to reserve
x31-x28` was seen as too invasive. A new ELF attribute will be added to record
the reserved register set. Kito (psABI chair) will make a proposal for the new
attribute.

=== Code-size-tg - table jump
We raised a question regarding possible overlap between new instruction `tblj`
and overlay entry to RT-Eng and for RT-Eng jumping to loaded to cache function.
Assuming the `tblj` will be materialized at link time, we don't think there
will be any overlaps between `tblj` and overlay.
To close this issue, Tariq (Chair for Code-size-tg) will set a meeting with the
engineer that will implement 'tblj' and the members from overlay-tg.

=== Road map and status
* *Fossi* is going to be our new home.
* Overlay standard will port to *Fossi*
* Starting patches submission for: llvm, binutils, gdb (by that order)

== Round table
* Q: *shadow stack*: Any possible impact on the reserve register solution?
* A: [Simon Cook] mentioned that it is not expected to overlap (though register
pressure is a real possibility).
Simon C. will double-check that the *shadow stack* is not conflicting overlay
changes.

== Still pending:
* We need to search for a root repo for the Engine FW. We think to combine it
with the toolchain build-system or other options
(we discuses `Newlib`, but don't think it is a valid/correct option))

* Inputs from Michael E. the current concept is based on the relative between
the "storage" and the "heap", can we think of a different approach of "altering"
symbols on runtime so they won't be relative to the heap?

** The question related to how code that references absolute addresses could be
handled while avoiding having to rewrite addresses at runtime.

** Without seeing the use case, it is assumed that this relates to some code
that jumps to or loads from an absolute address, but that absolute address
is in an overlay.



{nbsp}
_
